NEXT-37602 - Add currency lookup (#30)
shopware/sw-sync-cli: CHANGELOG.md

# NEXT-RELEASE
- NEXT-37303 - [BREAKING] changed `sync` command argument `--schema` `-s` to `--profile` `-p`
- NEXT-37303 - [BREAKING] Fixed an issue where `row` values were always provided as strings in the deserialize script.
Now they are converted into their proper types before passed to the script.
- NEXT-37313 - Implemented re-authentication for API calls to handle expired bearer tokens

> - NEXT-37314 - Added new scripting function `get_language_by_iso` for profiles to environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- NEXT-37314 - Added `get_language_by_iso(isoCode)` function  to scripting, which allows to lookup language IDs in the shop based on their locale iso code. A lookup table is generated at startup, thus calling this function should not cause excessive slowdowns.
```

- NEXT-37315 - Trigger indexing of the shop by default at the end of an import (can be disabled with flag `-d` `--disable-index`)
- NEXT-37316 - Added `index` command, to trigger the indexing of the Shopware shop
- NEXT-37317 - Added various default profiles
- NEXT-37318 - Added `copy-profile` command, to copy the default profiles to your system
- NEXT-37504 - Fixed the generation of request criteria to support correct nested associations

> - NEXT-37602 - Added new scripting function `get_currency_by_iso` for profiles to environment 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- NEXT-37602 - Added `get_currency_by_iso(isoCode)` function to scripting, which allows to lookup currency IDs in the shop based on their iso code. A lookup table is generated at startup, thus calling this function should not cause excessive slowdowns.
```
